Feature/Ansible Template generation (#1)
polylith/django-project-template: README.md

# Django Project Template

A template for creating django projects for the polylith/entwicklerheld platform.
It works with ansible, because we need to generate not only python/django files 
but also deployment files ans so on. 

## Development

- If you want to edit the template, use the following delimiter:
  - Block Start: `@@`
  - Block End: `@@`
  - Variable Start: `@=`
  - Variable End: `=@`
  

## Usage: 

- You need to choose a `project_name`. This should ideally be consist 
of one word or a maximum of two words connected with an `-` (minus).

> - Switch to the folder where the project should be created. The template creates one folder named after `project_name`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Switch to the folder where the project should be created. The template don't create a parent folder named after `project_name`.
```
